mass_mailing_sending_queue/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

==========================
Mass mailing sending queue
==========================

This module adds a sending queue when mass mailing 'Send to All' button is
clicked. This is an aditional queue, there is another one for sending emails.


Usage
=====

When 'Send to All' button is clicked al mass mailing form, all 'mail.mail'
and 'mail.mail.statistics' objects are created. This process shall take
so much time if recipient list is 10k+ and the famous
"Take a minute to get a coffee, because it's loading..." text appears.

With this new queue user will see that mass mailing is in 'Sending' state until
all emails are sent or failed. Screen will return to mass mailing form
immediately after 'Send to All' button is clicked.

In 'Settings > Technical > Email > Mass mailing sending' admin can monitorize
all running mass mailing sending objects and see

* Recipients pending: How many recipients have no email created yet
* Emails sending: How many emails are created and not sent yet
* Emails sent: How many emails have been sent successfully
* Emails failed: How many emails couldn't be sent because an error occurred


.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/205/8.0


Known issues / Roadmap
======================

**WARNING**: This addon breaks inheritance chain of
'mail.mass_mailing.send_mail' method


Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/social/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Antonio Espinosa <antonio.espinosa@tecnativa.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

Refactor for compliance inheritance chain

mass_mailing_sending_queue/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

==========================
Mass mailing sending queue
==========================

This module adds a sending queue when mass mailing 'Send to All' button is
clicked. This is an aditional queue, there is another one for sending emails.

Configuration
=============

There is a system parameter to control how many emails are created in each
cron iteration: 'mail.mass_mailing.sending.batch_size'. By default, 500


Usage
=====

When 'Send to All' button is clicked at mass mailing form, all 'mail.mail'
and 'mail.mail.statistics' objects are created. This process shall take
so much time if recipient list is 10k+ and the famous
"Take a minute to get a coffee, because it's loading..." text appears.

With this new queue the user will see that mass mailing is in 'Sending' state
until all emails are sent or failed. Screen will return to mass mailing form
quickly after 'Send to All' button is clicked.

In 'Mass mailing' form there is a new tab 'Sending tasks' for checking
sendings history.

In 'Settings > Technical > Email > Mass mailing sending' admin can monitorize
all running mass mailing sending objects and see

* Recipients pending: How many recipients have no email created yet
* Start date: Date when user press 'Send to All' button
* Emails sending: How many emails are created and not sent yet
* Emails sent: How many emails have been sent successfully
* Emails failed: How many emails couldn't be sent because an error occurred

NOTE: User will not be able to send the same mass mailing again if there is
one sending running. An UserError exception is raised.

NOTE: If number of recipients are less than 'batch_size / 2', then all
emails are created when 'Send to All' button is clicked (standard way).
Although a sending object is created anyway in order to be consistent.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/205/8.0


Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/social/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Antonio Espinosa <antonio.espinosa@tecnativa.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.
